{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14080\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
Introduction\

\f1\b0 \
Hey there, my name is Bob, and I have a dream.\
\
Since I was just a little kid, I loved computers, Mathematics and Physics. As I grew up, so did my love for computer science. So, my dream, well, it was always been to serve computer science industry, the industry that I fell in love with, in the best way possible.\
\
Now, I am a Software Engineer working at a software company that I co-founded. So, I guess my dream has come true?\
\
But, if it is, why I always feel empty. Like I have achieved nothing. Maybe, I did the hard part for the company and now it\'92s time to\
start something new again and get it on its feet.\
\
For a while now, I\'92ve been thinking about an algorithm that solves a common problem in Software Engineering. Many developers, travel uncharted depths in their code to achieve this and I think, maybe, just maybe, I have an answer. But, I need to work hard so that I can solve this problem once and for all.\
\
\'85\
\

\f0\b Game Begins\
\

\f1\b0 From now on, you\'92re Bob.\
\
It\'92s 10:00 PM and you are still up. You are in your room and there\'92s not much to do that is urgent. What would you do?\
	- work\
	- play a game\
	- study\
\

\f2\i \ul study (+2)\

\f1\i0 \ulnone Great! you studied computer science. Specially, areas which affects your solution for the problem above.\
Now, it\'92s 12:30 AM. You are kind of sleepy. So, what\'92s next mister?\
	- work/study more until I\'92m very sleepy\
	- sleep\
	- social media stuff\
\

\f2\i \ul work (+2)\

\f1\i0 \ulnone Nice! a lot of work got done for your solution. Now, it\'92s 12:30 AM and you\'92re kind of sleepy. So, what\'92s next mister?\
	- work/study more until I\'92m very sleepy\
	- sleep\
	- social media stuff\
\
\

\f2\i \ul play a game (+1)\

\f1\i0 \ulnone Now that was fun! But, now it\'92s 12:30 AM and you\'92re kind of sleepy. What\'92re you gonna do mister?\
	- work/study until I\'92m very sleepy\
	- sleep\
	- social media stuff\
\
\
\

\f0\b Ending 1\

\f1\b0 \'85\
Bob finally finds himself as CEO of a company that provide above said Software Engineering problem and so many developers\
use it. Even pays for the solution\'92s pro membership and Bob really has saved them from a critical problem that they face very frequently. Bob has really served the computer science, and frankly, a whole lot of industries.\
\

\f0\b Ending 2\

\f1\b0 \'85\
Bob finds himself as a seller of his solution, his vision, for a lot of money to a big company. Bob is wealthy now and served the computer science industry as he wanted to. But not many people knows Bob because the company that bought the algorithm marketed it as one of their own algorithms and never mentioned anything about the Great Bob. And yeah, Bob still feels empty often even if he has money.\
\

\f0\b Ending 3\

\f1\b0 \'85\
Bob finds himself as an employer at a Software Company and it\'92s really is a 9 to 5 job that Bob used to hate. It pays good money but still, there\'92s something missing. He can\'92t sleep. He is always sad. Depression is getting worse and Bob really is suffering, regretting of his decisions that made him a failure. He can never forgive himself for what he did with his life.\
But, there is still hope\'85\
\
}